docs(microservices): add commit offsets doc for kafka (#2230)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/microservices/kafka.md

```

> info **Hint** Kafka reply topic naming conventions can be customized by extending `ClientKafka` in your own custom provider and overriding the `getResponsePatternName` method.

#### Commit offsets

> Comitting offsets is essential when working with kafka. Per default messages will be automatically committed after a specific time. For more information visit [kafkajs docs](https://kafka.js.org/docs/consuming#autocommit). `ClientKafka` offers a way to manually commit offsets that functions like the [native kafkajs implementation](https://kafka.js.org/docs/consuming#manual-committing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Committing offsets is essential when working with Kafka. Per default, messages will be automatically committed after a specific time. For more information visit [KafkaJS docs](https://kafka.js.org/docs/consuming#autocommit). `ClientKafka` offers a way to manually commit offsets that work like the [native KafkaJS implementation](https://kafka.js.org/docs/consuming#manual-committing).
```

```typescript
@@filename()

> 
> constructor(@Inject(KAFKA) client: ClientKafka) {}
> 
> @EventPattern('user_created')
> async handleUserCreated(@Payload() data: IncomingMessage) {
>   // business logic
> 
>   await this.client.commitOffsets([ { topic: data.topic, partition: data.partition, offset: data.offset } ])
> }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
@EventPattern('user.created')
async handleUserCreated(@Payload() data: IncomingMessage, @Ctx() context: KafkaContext) {
  // business logic
  
  const originalMessage = context.getMessage();
  const { topic, partition, offset } = originalMessage;
  await this.client.commitOffsets([{ topic, partition, offset }])
}
```

@@switch

constructor(@Inject(KAFKA) client: ClientKafka) {}

> @EventPattern('user_created')

Reviewer: Is using `_` (underscore) a good idea? Because it is rarely used in the TypeScript world, i guess..

> 
> constructor(@Inject(KAFKA) client: ClientKafka) {}
> 
> @EventPattern('user_created')
> async handleUserCreated(data) {
>   // business logic
> 
>   await this.client.commitOffsets([ { topic: data.topic, partition: data.partition, offset: data.offset } ])
> }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
@Bind(Payload(), Ctx())
@EventPattern('user.created')
async handleUserCreated(data, context) {
  // business logic

  const originalMessage = context.getMessage();
  const { topic, partition, offset } = originalMessage;
  await this.client.commitOffsets([{ topic, partition, offset }])
}
```

```

> To disable auto-committing of messages set `autoCommit: false` in the `run` config.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To disable auto-committing of messages set `autoCommit: false` in the `run` configuration, as follows:
```
